hello everyone and welcome to this new tournament lacanau thérèse fire du
17th of July
nine women
then one week's assault
it's totally independent of my will it's just that the room to
caso crs the fatigue related to hiv
people who is the tournament of the 10 th which is a bit unfortunate because camo our
thought was exhibiting there
we had promised surprises
the tournament for April 10
astrid factor who has always been the lover to see that
the fact is that we find ourselves directly for the 17th is the first
tournament that the beginning
6% and games
in this cult movie
in e a small tournament in mind
who knows how to play just before but who does not
great great interest in the first tournament that the players
the highest since the last since played these tall grass
so to europe
or that the tournament was recorded is to know the 17
open to beautiful dali has arrived it must
to play the beautiful kyle by winning the
three days later in a final in the anthology absolutely amazing
I consider world
I hope the official videos
from the shoulder we will get to a little bit more who missed I would really like
come back on this victory from May to flap and really runs
not easy at all
for now in the final
than yours a filthy gesture that was simply a magnificent
strategically perfect
the only thing that will miss me is his status because he was in the final
for several months of quest
you have a challenger status
finally he lost
quintiles impose his game
not ahmed arrad to eto o from taillebourg ap yes it date
the rate would be six games because of his opponent
and unfortunately finally countered% and order during the last game
and there were seven
to finally win the prizes
there was no challenger status
intended in my opinion
he should have
one can be equal so has gone down in history anyway
% and the first phase of the great sea return with humor
the controls
the vector health insect
well spent so he
win the 2009 calves
after asia greece
the fights
the 20th of july go it's gone first match of
the only one to kanouté dream cable for this product
so I missed a little the thread of the match is for now t with will try to
relatively well mastered his opponent paris with this date
launch it randomly created characters it was bought
al-khatib is taken for the moment relatively well to the point
it's the only two 3
see him play a game of 32nd finals so here
the retreat thirty-three intense participants
others were arrested
for a draw
the 32nd and this is the one the first was a little green save himself
she is evolving it was taking the first rolling heating
Senegalese but often with his magical passes
he is addressing almost any price review
he has a little magath in front of the damage be lowered for
the drawing academy thanks to the backs to the point even more this
case study the accident he gathered that 3 3 points to the face at 18h actually
likely
however the part of Gaddafi to go quietly face
las the bill gates series to their descent from the ultra crystals of the
handle is there at the panacea neither incomprehensible enough
for luca sbisa helped to tear off the trail sound we will try to scratch
drama that it will not pass either with his friends in the ol but here's the
cac who impose themselves
the udc
four were on board
launched on the 3rd to try to
but of grace and his opponent
a jump
demonstration from
the winner is the best away
of the boxer's head
the a little miss for him so who lost the first round fr face to
bayern
we do not replayed so the next basketball game already played for kaba
Thursday because he has to play an extra round e
when I will not let the seed
we have not much more than these three that could last and stop approaching
at a fast pace of the taulier who has an aura in a month
that's at least a month
and so that the deception would be standard
the cgt specified in july
and percent in kampala one of the best
I call it that too
it's been more than five years
they were arrested
we try to make the most of his players the regatta
still a match entry like these good as he did percent
but Switzerland is obvious
a shoryuken them
sending sadly waltz to the riot
a workforce quite sometimes
- change of sex pass a little respect
my son to see at what cost
you're the most traded or sweden this battle has raised so that
this is it fits well in the case of the outgoing president to you can you
can put it there that you are with no solidly
way to be sure that this excess of the place
such things happen the entrance ofaj for cavists still a little bit of
field where the armadillo all three know well play
but these lines serving his security
22 frames the six games against the garnache
for the moment percent
the real that keeps
come away
kaba without any worries
someone has a game
rather be careful forward to stop and vignal raised his faena
bus not bad but it's not necessarily good at the series place of regularity
by both sides
those who had the stroke of cash mlb the purpose of the damage small
states supposed to take air chaining from the capital ashok well
played united by priority
and percent and reliable
the Serbian people
first in portfolio
consent difficulty it must be confessed borinage rather particular
gaboury
they went to thouars nice that makes it
bachar everywhere super it does something
when you do not see often you have to have time to recharge or its superb
directly after the bac chauffeur comes to play taxi axis maquis that touched
not
you say that you put lace the corner for me unstoppable played well
the top who left the team just once and single in the attempt
of cathy leak now badly gone after these two sequels
unfortunate winner of a protect people over a year
this stop in Lagardère and curious victory
danger not far away if you can give it
reda so here is this result
he was the master I still believe with the guy are the pivot pivot
for the round of 16
and the next match was so opposed to another
to avoid danger not heavy facing the station
the seleçao which in progression curve
growing right now
he has to call us
for pleasure
on arrival the president semifinals
previous rf
I was like a laugh
it must be seen that my second seems to have learned from his mistakes and
yesterday a lot less selling errors
Of course
but a lot less mistakes but blow and new equipment
there are assets to make the game
already active with their party affiliates
the duty and the serving power already has much more severe
in back
and F
which becomes less and less than 5 seconds
and that's something
that's something we do
to congratulate a duty for the progression
the young man before our eyes like that